There are 4 components to this visualization scheme (top -> bottom):
    1. drop-down menus for stimulus and inhibitor conditions
    2. dynamic correlations plot
    3. time series plot
    4. track windowing/control bar


1.
The user may select a particular value for the stimulus or inhibitor, or may choose 'all' from the drop-down menus.  
When 'all' is indicated the visualization averages over that entire dimension in the data set.


2.
In this visualization each antibody, or node in the network, is assigned a fixed position along a large circle
on the canvas.  The signal level in time for a particular antibody is represented by dynamically growing or shrinking
the size of a shaded circle centered upon the assigned fixed position.  All antibody levels are re-scaled by their
mean level over the time series, and this mean is used as the radius for each antibody's dashed circle.  Having this
dashed circle always visible provides a frame of reference as the shaded circle grows/shrinks throughout the time window.

To assist the human eye in detecting patterns between the antibody levels as they dynamically grow and shrink,
we shade in blue/red chords of the larger circle to reprsent correlations between nodes.  Positive/negative correlation
are encoded with blue/red respectively, and the shading thickness of the chord encodes the magnitude of the correlation.


3.
When the user's mouse is moved into the shaded circle for a particular antibody, the plotting area will display time
series curves for that antibody.  Only the time points within the specified time window will be plotted, and a separate
curve will be drawn for each (stimulus, inhibitor) pair.  In the mockup we see that the user is mousing over AB_6 with 
EGF specified as the stimulus and all inhibitors.  Thus we plot different curves for each value of the inhibitor for AB_6
and stimulus = EGF.


4.
The user can crop the series by adjusting the window start/stop brackets.  When the play button is pressed the
visualization will loop continuously over the specified time window.  The visualiztion may be paused at any
time slice by pressing the pause button.
